So now we have installed where shock.
It's time to see some network traffic.
So you should be able to see your network interfaces right here.
If you do not see these then you might not install the wooden cap in the installation wizard.
And you should try to reinstall it and be sure that you have this.
So once you have this install and you could see your interfaces then you can click on the one where
you want to capture packages.
So as you heard some traffic.
So if I go to this and type YouTube and just see a random clip right here you see photo Dean with new
Samsung Galaxy S4 was designed for six million young going.
Welcome back to some professional Starcraft 2 from Dublin to see us bring me 20 19 an astounding idea.
These wrapping my arms and two names you should know this not only from YouTube but you an old network
traffic in the bottom right on this German is also nicknamed click pause on this.
Then let's see.
And here we can see the protocol used for the communication.
So if you use this.
So now we can actually see the source where this came from.
We can see the destination and we can see the protocol and we can see some info about it.
And as you see there came a lot of traffic when I opened this video because when I'm streaming this
I'm just getting hit with pages and as you see right here we have a lot of UDP packages which is when
I clicked on the YouTube video.
So now did you try this on you tried to navigate a bit around the web and then see what kind of information
you can.
I can see if you are looking into our website which is not secure.
That should not be anyone but if you try to go into a website and then into credentials you might be
able to actually see if they are not using his piece which we'll learn on the day in the encryption
lecture you might be able to see your exact credentials in this information right here.
So try to play around with your wife there and then I will see you in the next lecture.